Improve performance of dropmissing (#3256)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/lib/functions.md

  * a transformation produces one row per group and the passed transformation
    is a custom function (i.e. not for standard reductions, which use
    optimized single-threaded methods).

> - `dropmissing` when the provided `DataFrame` has more than 1 column and `view=false` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dropmissing` when the provided data frame has more than 1 column and `view=false` 
```

>   (subset-ing of individual columns is spawned in separate tasks).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  (subsetting of individual columns is spawned in separate tasks).
```
